[Music]
five signs you're skinnier than you
think
are you really carrying excess fat
perhaps you're a lot thinner than you
think
anything from bloating to your clothes
the psychological factors might make you
believe that you're heavier than you
actually are
keep watching to find out the likely
culprits that could be making you look
pudgy despite your healthy weight and
don't forget to hit that subscribe
button and ring the notification bell to
join us on the bright side
number five food allergies or
intolerances what you think is a layer
of fat on your body might just be
inflammation caused by the food you eat
but first it's important to recognize
the difference between a food allergy
and a food intolerance food allergies
can be pretty serious given that they
involve the immune system you see the
body usually has an anaphylactic or
allergic reaction within just a few
minutes or up to a couple of hours after
the food was ingested a food allergy can
lead to the skin breaking out in hives
swelling up of the airway and a frantic
trip to the emergency room food
intolerances involve a similar but less
critical body response the symptoms are
pretty mild and easy to ignore they
include indigestion stomachache bloating
and headaches if you consume something
that you're intolerant to the tissues in
your body can swell up your abdomen
might expand and your face can look
pudgy making you believe that you've
gained weight you might have a food
intolerance without even knowing it some
of the most common types are intolerance
to lactose wheat gluten and caffeine if
you constantly eat something that you're
intolerant to you'll be in a perpetual
state of bloating but the moment you
stop eating that food your whole body
will look a lot skinnier the best way of
knowing if you have a food intolerance
is to visit a doctor they might ask you
to keep a food journal to track your
symptoms this should help you find the
food at fault through the process of
elimination
number for clothes unflattering clothes
can make you look much heavier than you
really are if your wardrobe is full of
oversized clothes and prints or fabrics
that add volume and dimension you might
start believing your body is bigger than
it genuinely is for women it's best to
avoid bulky sweaters wide belts around
the waist and puffy coats for your lower
body cropped pants can make your thigh
area look wider and printed pants tend
to add a lot of volume to your legs
tea-length skirts can make your whole
lower body look bigger and skinny jeans
may accentuate pudgy areas if the jeans
are too tight underwear is also
important a bra that's too tight or the
wrong size can make it look like you
have back fat when in reality you don't
man should avoid suits that are too big
pants that are excessively baggy and
chunky sweaters with bright patterns the
best clothes to wear for both men and
women should fit without being too
constricting or too loose they should
make use of light fabrics while not
allowing the fabric to hang off in
layers if you're guilty of these fashion
faux-pas now you have a great excuse to
go shopping for some new clothes but
before you hit the stores remember that
the size of the clothing you wear can
also cause you to have certain ideas
about how big your body is people often
label themselves by saying I'm a size 12
or I'm a large if you usually wear large
tees just know that it's entirely
possible that you might fit into a
medium in one store or even a small in
another clothing sizes vary drastically
depending on things like the brand store
for manufacturer so if you're usually a
size 6 and need to go up a size for a
better fit don't focus too much on what
that sizing label says because it is not
a reflection of your weight number 3
body dysmorphia people who suffer from
body dysmorphia may focus on a perceived
body flock when in reality it might be
very small or even non-existent if you
spend a lot of time thinking about your
weight trying to get skinnier and
carrying out obsessive rituals you might
suffer from body dysmorphic disorder
since this is a psychological condition
it's best that you see a doctor who can
offer guidance it's also ideal to be
aware of how much you should weigh
according to your age gender
and height there are a lot of
calculators online that can help you
figure out what your body mass index
should be number two water retention
water retention tends to happen in the
ankles feet and legs but it can also be
present in your face if your cheeks seem
to be sticking out more when you were
hoping for defined cheekbones or a
chiseled jawline excess fluids could be
the culprit water attention should not
be confused with sudden facial swelling
facial swelling that happens overnight
could point to a serious medical
condition like preeclampsia sinusitis an
eye infection an allergic reaction or a
side effect to some medication in this
case visiting a doctor is a must but if
you've noticed that your face is getting
puffy or without any other symptoms too
much salt in your diet could also be the
reason since excess sodium causes fluid
retention if this sounds like you then
just cut back on your salt intake you'll
quickly lose the excess water weight
you've been carrying around your body
also becomes less efficient at removing
fluids when you're out and about in hot
weather and this can also make you look
bigger certain foods like grapefruit
celery asparagus egg yolks yogurt and
cottage cheese can help fight off mild
fluid retention number one abdominal
bloating if you wake up one morning look
at yourself in the mirror and discover a
round belly that wasn't there last time
you checked there is no need to panic
there are certain conditions that can
exacerbate abdominal bloating and many
of them can go undetected for years
they include irritable bowel syndrome
premenstrual syndrome ovarian cysts and
celiac disease but bloating usually
isn't serious most people have
experienced a belly that's tight swollen
and can't be sucked in at some point in
their life it's often caused by hormonal
changes as well as consuming too much
salt sugar or carbonated drinks if your
whole body feels heavy and you've got a
bloated belly this can have a big impact
on your appearance which can be
worrisome to say the least
the good news is that bloating is
temporary as soon as you remove the
factor that's causing you to bloat up
whether that's treating a condition like
IBS or simply saying no to fizzy drinks
your stomach will return to its former
flat
self you can also fast-track this
process by going for a walk
massaging your abdomen and taking some
peppermint oil capsules a long-term
solution would involve adding more fiber
to your diet exercising regularly and
cutting down your portion sizes
according to a 2010 study at University
College London our perception of our
body size tends to be distorted in fact
our brain usually sees our body as up to
two-thirds bigger than it actually is
so it's best to stick to the facts know
what your ideal body weight is and watch
out for the foods that might make you
appear bloated so which of these signs
apply to you let us know in the comments
below be sure to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life